All right so this was a fun one palindrome rearranging and what we're trying to find out is given the
string that we're taking Can we in fact in fact if we rearrange the letters in a way make it a palindrome.
So you'll see we have a B B.
At which point we get a erks do we get a BBA or some or you know the reverse which should b b a b which
would also be a palindrome palindrome just as a reminder something the same forward as it is backwards.
In our case we're just try to find out if we can return a boolean if it's possible to rearrange it to
be a palindrome and to say I have four of the two methods used was has own property and split.
Let's jump into it.
All right so the way that I tackle this problem was first I broke the input string into a character
array.
Then I created an object that then added a count of each individual characters and then I and then I.
I Moggi I find I found out how many of those values were even if they were even great that works really
good but it there's more than one odd value.
Then it can't be a palindrome because espie the same on each side excluding the middle number which
is why we have one odd value so that was sort of my logic when I was trying to solve this so go ahead
and create a character.
I just call this chart.
We've just got char's.
And also this equal to the input string split split on each end of each individual character next door
and create a letter object or so just set it to an empty object.
From here we're going to use or and iterate through art our chars.
So for each character and then over say I's list and char chars the length plus plus.
Excellent.
Now we're going to do here is Soltanieh probably if you watched the other videos you probably have already
an idea is we're going to essentially map our object at this point where we're into if letter object
has a property.
What are we checking.
Property We're checking our char Sherzai.
If that is true what we want to do is take a letter object into char Ray Charles I
fat finger and it over here plus plus we just want to add 1 to it.
Now if that's false and or else we're going to do is re-insert letter object plus value chars equal
to 1.
Excellent.
So now we have our object that's been mapped over so that we can add one to it.
And I think we'll probably refactor this to get rid of the for loop and make it maybe a foot for a loop
just because there's no reason for us to have this index.
This index value and it may make it a little bit easier to keep track of.
So we're going to have here is what I call odd count count equal to zero and so odd count it's going
to be the value that we should actually initialize this up top.
Usually you want to initialize your variables of top odd counters the value that keeps track of how
many odd items are on.
And so we're going to go for in loop as it were and say a vowel in letter object.
So going through with this
what they want.
So we're going to iterate through.
I say if our letter object for the actions is key preserved word.
So that's really what we're discussing here.
So we're going to check that key and we say if this is modular by two is not equally equal to zero I
mean it is a even excuse me an odd number.
We're going to take our count and we're going to anchorman's by one.
Now that we've done that we have all the info we need and we just need a simple ternary here I say odd
count if I'm counting is greater than 1.
We can go ahead and return false because that means we can't have a palindrome because you know we can
only have the one middle odd number else and return true and we're done so.
So why is that.
I might clean this up.
I would maybe rename letter object to something more intuitive like Char count would be a good a good
name.
So I do so like this.
I mean you're factoring codes are important.
So char count there.
It might be a little bit more intuitive instead of this we do a for loop or Sulit which char of charas
and then we go ahead and eliminate some of this code.
Sure.
So a little bit cleaner in that aspect but I think that's pretty much it for this one.